README.md, before:

# pulse-workload-wizard
TrueSight Pulse Plugin to dynamically generate metrics and data streams for demo purposes

#### Supported OS

|     OS    | Linux | Windows | SmartOS | OS X |
|:----------|:-----:|:-------:|:-------:|:----:|
| Supported |   v   |    v    |    -    |  -   |

#### Boundary Meter versions v4.2 or later

- To install new meter go to Settings->Installation or [see instructions](https://help.boundary.com/hc/en-us/sections/200634331-Installation).
- To upgrade the meter to the latest version - [see instructions](https://help.boundary.com/hc/en-us/articles/201573102-Upgrading-the-Boundary-Meter).

#### Boundary Meter versions earlier than v4.2

None

#### Server Runtime

|  Runtime | node.js | Python | Java |
|:---------|:-------:|:------:|:----:|
| Required |    +    |        |      |

- [How to install node.js?](https://help.boundary.com/hc/articles/202360701)

### Plugin Setup

None

### Plugin Configuration Fields

|Field Name   |Description                                             |
|:----------------|:---------------------------------------------------|
|Source           |Meter collecting metrics from the Streaming Platform|
|PollInterval     |How often to send measurements in seconds           |
|MetricsHost      |URL containing the metrics metadata                 |


### Metrics Collected

|Metric Name                       |Description                                          |
|:---------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------|
|WIZARD_TOTAL_METRICS              |Total number of metrics generated                    |
|WIZARD_TOTAL_MEASUREMENTS         |Total number of measurements pushed                  |

### References

None

Commit message:

Alpha-4 Version
Adding the dynamic load and creation of metrics

README.md, after:

# pulse-workload-wizard
TrueSight Pulse Plugin to dynamically generate metrics and data streams for demo purposes

#### Supported OS

|     OS    | Linux | Windows | SmartOS | OS X |
|:----------|:-----:|:-------:|:-------:|:----:|
| Supported |   v   |    v    |    -    |  -   |

#### Boundary Meter versions v4.2 or later

- To install new meter go to Settings->Installation or [see instructions](https://help.boundary.com/hc/en-us/sections/200634331-Installation).
- To upgrade the meter to the latest version - [see instructions](https://help.boundary.com/hc/en-us/articles/201573102-Upgrading-the-Boundary-Meter).

#### Boundary Meter versions earlier than v4.2

None

#### Server Runtime

|  Runtime | node.js | Python | Java |
|:---------|:-------:|:------:|:----:|
| Required |    +    |        |      |

- [How to install node.js?](https://help.boundary.com/hc/articles/202360701)

### Plugin Setup

None

### Plugin Configuration Fields

|Field Name        |Description                                                            |
|:--------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Source               |Meter where the metrics are being generated                         |
|PollInterval         |How often to send measurements in seconds                           |
|PersonalRepository   |URL containing personal metrics metadata                            |
|Verticals            |Industry related metrics to load (eg: banking, telco)               |
|PulseAPI             |Pulse API URL on where to create the metrics and send measurements  |
|AuthorizationToken   |Email and Token to access Pulse API                                 |
	
### Plugin Built-In Metrics Collected

|Metric Name                       |Description                                          |
|:---------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------|
|WIZARD_TOTAL_METRICS              |Total number of metrics generated                    |
|WIZARD_TOTAL_MEASUREMENTS         |Total number of measurements pushed                  |


### Dashboards

|Dashboard Name      |Metrics Displayed                                                   |
|:-------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Workload Wizard     | Built-in metrics (WIZARD_TOTAL_METRICS, WIZARD_TOTAL_MEASUREMENTS) |

### References

None
